This is one of multiple CCNA quiz based videos, these quizzes are practical and use packet
tracer to help you test and verify your knowledge of CCNA topics.
So download the attached packet tracer file and see if you can practically answer the questions
in this quiz.
So don't just answer the questions prove it by using the packet tracer simulation mode. So assume
that for these questions that all devices have just rebooted you can simulate this by clicking the
power cycle devices button in Packet Tracer.
In other words, you can click this button here to power cycle the devices.
Again don't just answer these questions prove it.
The first question is, when PC 1 pings PC 4 in network 1
what type of packet is sent to the Hub initially?
Can you prove it?
Who received the packet?
Who received the return traffic from PC 4 to
PC 1 and when ping traffic is sent from PC 1 to PC 4 who receives that traffic? For question
5 to 8
assume that the switches and MAC address table is empty so assume that this layer 2 switch
network 2 has just rebooted and that its MAC address table is empty.
When PC 5 pings PC 8,
in other words this PC here pings the IP address of PC 8 what type of packet is sent initially to
the switch
and can you prove it?
And then again who receives the initial packet and who receives the return traffic from PC 8 to PC
5? And then when ICMP traffic or ping traffic is sent from PC 5 to PC 8 who received the traffic? Question
9 10 and 11 ask about broadcast and collision domains.
How many broadcast domains are there in network one and can you prove it?
How many broadcast domains are there in network 2 and can you prove it?
How many collision domains are there in network 1 and network 2
and again can you prove that? You don't have to answer these questions from Question 1 to question eleven.
You may wanna answer questions 9 10 and 11 first and then answer the other questions.
But by the time you finished you should be able to answer these 11 questions and be able to prove the
answers practically.
So download the attached packet tracer file and see if you can answer the questions yourself.
But I'm now gonna go through the answers to these questions.
I'm gonna answer the questions practically now.
So either pause the video or continue watching.